Update maintenance-and-updates.md (#93230)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/maintenance-and-updates.md

An availability zone is a combination of a fault domain and an update domain. If you create three or more VMs across three zones in an Azure region, your VMs are effectively distributed across three fault domains and three update domains. The Azure platform recognizes this distribution across update domains to make sure that VMs in different zones are not updated at the same time.

> Each infrastructure update rolls out zone by zone, within a single region. But, you can have deployment going on in Zone 1, and different deployment going in Zone 2, at the same time. Deployments are not all serialized. But, a single rebootful deployment only rolls out one zone at a time to reduce risk. In general, rebootful updates are avoided when possible, and Azure attempts to leverage Live Migration or provide customers control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each infrastructure update rolls out zone by zone, within a single region. But, you can have deployment going on in Zone 1, and different deployment going in Zone 2, at the same time. Deployments are not all serialized. But, a single  deployment that requires a reboot only rolls out one zone at a time to reduce risk. In general, updates that require a reboot are avoided when possible, and Azure attempts to use Live Migration or provide customers control.
```
